TRUMP: Thank you. My whole theme is make America great again. We don't win anymore as a country. We don't win with trade, we don't win with the military. ISIS, we can't even knock out ISIS, and we will, believe me. We will.
TRUMP: First of all, he was in charge of amnesty, he was the leader, and you can ask Marco because they've been debating this every debate that we've had.
TRUMP: Mr. Trump, do you want to respond to that?
TRUMP: Well, I'm very glad that Ted mentioned Arizona because probably the toughest man on borders is Sheriff Joe Arpaio, and two days ago he totally endorsed me, so, thank you.
TRUMP: Well, first of all, self-deportation is people are going to leave as soon as they see others going out. If you look at Dwight Eisenhower in the 1950s, they started moving people out and the rest of them left.
TRUMP: I criticized Mitt Romney for losing the election. He should have won that election. He had a failed president. He ran a terrible campaign. He was a terrible candidate. That's what I criticize Mitt Romney -- I mean, ran...
TRUMP: Excuse me. He ran one terrible campaign. That's an election that should have been won.
TRUMP: No, no, I'm the only one on the stage that's hired people. You haven't hired anybody.
TRUMP: And by the way, I've hired -- and by the way, I've hired tens of thousands of people over at my job. You've hired nobody.
TRUMP: You've had nothing but problems with your credit cards, et cetera. So don't tell me about that.
TRUMP: You haven't hired one person, you liar.
TRUMP: That's wrong. That's wrong. Totally wrong.
TRUMP: I've hired tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. Tens of thousands...
TRUMP: Be quiet. Just be quiet.
TRUMP: Let me talk. I've hired tens of thousands of people. He brings up something from 30 years ago, it worked out very well. Everybody was happy.
TRUMP: And by the way, the laws were totally different. That was a whole different world.
TRUMP: But I've hired people. Nobody up here has hired anybody.
TRUMP: I can only say this, and I've said it loud and clear and I've said it for years. And many of these people are sitting right in the audience right now -- your lobbyist and your special interest and your donors, because the audience is packed with them, and they're packed with you.
TRUMP: Here's a man -- Robin Hood. This is Robin Hood over here. He talks about corruption. On his financial disclosure form, he didn't even put that he's borrowed money from Citibank and from Goldman Sachs, which is a total violation. He didn't talk about the fact that he pays almost no interest. He just left it off, and now he's going to protect the people from the big bad banks.
TRUMP: Correct.
TRUMP: I will, and the wall just got 10 feet taller, believe me.
TRUMP: Well, you know, I don't mind trade wars when we're losing $58 billion a year, you want to know the truth. We're losing so much. (APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: Such a cute sound bite.
TRUMP: All right, you know what?
TRUMP: Because they devalue their currency -- they devalue their currencies...
TRUMP: ... that makes it -- well, you don't know a thing about business. You lose on everything...
TRUMP: Let me just tell you -- they de-value their currency. They de-value their currencies.
TRUMP: That makes it -- well, you don't know a thing about business. You lose on everything you do.
TRUMP: Let me just tell you, they de-value their currencies. China, Mexico, everybody. Japan with the cars. They de-value their currencies to such an extent that our businesses cannot compete with them, our workers lose their jobs...
TRUMP: But you wouldn't know anything about it because you're a lousy businessman.
TRUMP: No, I -- and you know why? You know why?
TRUMP: You know why?
TRUMP: First of all...
TRUMP: ... first of all, that's called a...
TRUMP: And by the way -- and by the way...
TRUMP: ... and by the way...
TRUMP: ... I've won most of the lawsuits.
TRUMP: And they actually did a very good job, but I've won most of the lawsuits.
TRUMP: Excuse me. Hey Wolf, let me ask you. Am I allowed to respond to this?
TRUMP: OK. Well let -- no, I haven't. I really haven't.
TRUMP: Here's a guy -- here's a guy that buys a house for $179,000, he sells it to a lobbyist who's probably here for $380,000 and then legislation is passed. You tell me about this guy. This is what we're going to have as president.
TRUMP: No, no, no.
TRUMP: That is so wrong. We'll work on that. I took $1 million and I turned into $10 billion.
TRUMP: I borrowed $1 million...
TRUMP: I borrowed $1 million, I turned it into $10 billion...
TRUMP: ... more than $10 billion.
TRUMP: I have to say, he lied this time. He lied. 100 percent. 100 percent.
TRUMP: Yes, yes, yes. 38 years ago.
TRUMP: True.
TRUMP: True.
TRUMP: No.
TRUMP: First of all, I don't believe anything Telemundo says.
TRUMP: Number one. Number two, I currently employ thousands of Hispanics, and over the years, I've employed tens of thousands of Hispanics. They're incredible people. They know, and the reason I won in Nevada, not only won the big one, but I also won subs, like, as an example, I won with women.
TRUMP: We're getting record-setting numbers. And I won every one -- the three of them that I won, I won with record-setting numbers.
TRUMP: New people are coming into the Republican Party. We are building a new Republican Party, a lot of new people are coming in.
TRUMP: I love them. I love them.
TRUMP: They're fine. Do you know what? They're fine.
TRUMP: Why did they take the poll? Why did they...
TRUMP: I'm just telling you, I'm doing very well with Hispanics. And by the way, I settled my suit, as you know, with Univision. It was settled. We're good friends now. It was all settled up.
TRUMP: Yes, I would. And I've been there. And I've been there very strongly. I do have to say something, and this is interesting and it's not anybody's fault. It's not Ted's fault. Justice Roberts was strongly recommended and pushed by Ted. Justice Roberts gave us Obamacare. Might as well be called Roberts-care. Two times of the Supreme Court, Justice Roberts approved something that he should have never raised his hand to approve. And we ended up with Obamacare.
TRUMP: Well, let -- let me -- let me just say -- let me just say this. Look, I watched Ted -- and I respected it, but he gets nowhere -- stand on the Senate floor for a day or two days, and talk and talk and talk.
TRUMP: ... excuse me. She's a brilliant judge. He's been criticizing -- he's been criticizing my sister for signing a certain bill. You know who else signed that bill? Justice Samuel Alito, a very conservative member of the Supreme Court, with my sister, signed that bill.
TRUMP: When you say crazy zealot, are you talking about you? Crazy zealot -- give me a break.
TRUMP: Well, let -- let me just say -- let me just say, first of all, I have great respect for Justice Scalia. I thought he was terrific. And if you talk about evolving, Ronald Reagan was a somewhat liberal Democrat. Ronald Reagan evolved into a somewhat strong conservative -- more importantly, he was a great president. A great president.
TRUMP: I just want to say, I agree with that 100 percent, except pre-existing conditions, I would absolutely get rid of Obamacare. We're going to have something much better, but pre-existing conditions, when I'm referring to that, and I was referring to that very strongly on the show with Anderson Cooper, I want to keep pre- existing conditions.
TRUMP: I think they're wrong 100 percent. What we need -- look, the insurance companies take care of the politicians. The insurance companies get what they want. We should have gotten rid of the lines around each state so we can have real competition.
TRUMP: We thought that was gone, we thought those lines were going to be gone, so something happened at the last moment where Obamacare got approved, and all of that was thrown out the window.
TRUMP: Because I don't think the Governor had too much to do with this.
TRUMP: ... And, you're going to see -- excuse me. You're going to see preexisting conditions and everything else be part of it, but the price will be done, and the insurance companies can pay. Right now they're making a fortune.
TRUMP: That's going to solve the problem. And, the insurance companies aren't going to say that, they want to keep it. They want to say -- they say whatever they have to say to keep it the way it is. I know the insurance companies, they're friends of mine. The top guys, they're friends of mine. I shouldn't tell you guys, you'll say it's terrible, I have a conflict of interest. They're friends of mine, there's some right in the audience. One of them was just waving to me, he was laughing and smiling. He's not laughing so much anymore.
TRUMP: ... And, you don't know what it means...
TRUMP: You don't know.
TRUMP: ... The biggest problem...
TRUMP: ... The biggest problem, I'll have you know...
RUBIO: ... What's your plan... TRUMP: ... You know, I watched him meltdown two weeks ago with Chris Christie. I got to tell you, the biggest problem he's got is he really doesn't know about the lines. The biggest thing we've got, and the reason we've got no competition, is because we have lines around the state, and you have essentially....
TRUMP: ... You don't know much...
TRUMP: ... The lines around the states...
TRUMP: ... and, it was almost done -- not now...
TRUMP: ... Excuse me. Excuse me.
TRUMP: ... You get rid of the lines, it brings in competition. So, instead of having one insurance company taking care of New York, or Texas, you'll have many. They'll compete, and it'll be a beautiful thing.
TRUMP: The nice part of the plan -- you'll have many different plans. You'll have competition, you'll have so many different plans.
TRUMP: No, no, no.
TRUMP: I watched him repeat himself five times four weeks ago...
TRUMP: I watched him meltdown on the stage like that, I've never seen it in anybody...
TRUMP: ... I thought he came out of the swimming pool...
TRUMP: ... We're going to have many different plans because...
TRUMP: ... competition...
TRUMP: There is going to be competition among all of the states, and the insurance companies. They're going to have many, many different plans.
TRUMP: No, there's nothing to add.
TRUMP: What is to add?
TRUMP: I do not want socialized medicine, just so you understand. He goes around saying oh, he wants it. I do not want socialized medicine. I do agree with him that it's going to be a disaster, Obamacare, for the economy.
TRUMP: That's false.
TRUMP: No, I said it worked in a couple of countries...
TRUMP: No, I did not. No I did not.
TRUMP: Correct. I will not let people die on the streets if I'm president.
TRUMP: Excuse me. Let me talk. If people...
TRUMP: If people -- my plan is very simple. I will not -- we're going to have private -- we are going to have health care, but I will not allow people to die on the sidewalks and the streets of our country if I'm president. You may let it and you may be fine with it...
TRUMP: ... I'm not fine with it. We are going to take those people...
TRUMP: Excuse me. We are going to take those people and those people are going to be serviced by doctors and hospitals. We're going to make great deals on it, but we're not going to let them die in the streets.
TRUMP: You know what? Call it what you want.
TRUMP: Call it what you want, people are not going to be dying on the sidewalk.
TRUMP: Because the country will become a dynamic economy. We'll be dynamic again. If you look at what's going on, we have the highest taxes anywhere in the world. We pay more business tax, we pay more personal tax. We have the highest taxes in the world.
TRUMP: We're going to make many cuts in business. We're getting rid of -- we're going to get rid of so many different things. Department of Education -- Common Core is out. We're going local. Have to go local.
TRUMP: Waste, fraud and abuse all over the place. Waste, fraud and abuse.
TRUMP: I just want to say -- and I'm a big fan of the governor, but they also struck oil, OK, so that helped Iowa a lot.
TRUMP: All right. First of all, let me just explain. I was the first one to file a financial disclosure form -- almost 100 pages. You don't learn anything about somebody's wealth with a tax return. You learn it from statements.
TRUMP: I filed -- which shows that I'm worth over $10 billion. I built a great company with very little debt. People were shocked, the people in the back, the reporters, they were shocked when they went down. And I filed it on time. I didn't ask for five 45-day extensions, which I would have been entitled to.
TRUMP: Are you going to ask anybody else that question?
TRUMP: Every single question comes to me?
TRUMP: I know I'm here for the ratings, but it's a little bit ridiculous.
TRUMP: True.
TRUMP: No, I'm not. First of all, very few people listen to your radio show. That's the good news.
TRUMP: Let me just tell you, let me just -- which happens to be true. Check out the ratings.
TRUMP: Eighty-five percent say you, big difference.
TRUMP: So at the beginning, I said openly to everybody that I contribute to many, many politicians, both Republican and Democrat. And I have, over the years. I'm a businessman. I have, over the years.
TRUMP: Nothing.
TRUMP: You -- you don't...
TRUMP:  I'm not afraid  .
TRUMP: ... first of all, he's talking about the polls. I'm beating him awfully badly in the polls.
TRUMP: Well, then, if I can't -- if -- hey, if I can't beat her, you're really going to get killed, aren't you?
TRUMP: I'm being audited 12 years in a row, at least.
TRUMP:    audited for those years.
TRUMP: Shocking.
TRUMP: Right.
TRUMP: Well, first of all, I don't think they do under President Obama because I think he's treated Israel horribly, all right? I think he's treated Israel horribly.
TRUMP: I was the grand marshall down 5th Avenue a number of years ago for the Israeli Day Parade, I have very close ties to Israel. I've received the Tree of Life Award and many of the greatest awards given by Israel.
TRUMP: Well, I can only say -- look, I can only say I've been a big contributor to Israel over the years. I've received many, many awards from Israel, as I've said before. I have a great relationship with Israel. And I'm going to keep it that way. And if I could bring peace, that would be a fantastic thing. It would be one of my greatest achievements as president.
TRUMP: I'm a negotiator. I've done very well over the years through negotiation. It's very important that we do that. In all fairness, Marco is not a negotiator. I watched him melt down and I'll tell you, it was one of the saddest things I've ever seen. He's not going down -- excuse me...
TRUMP: ... wait a minute, and these people may even be tougher than Chris Christie. OK?
TRUMP: OK, no, no, no -- a deal is a deal. Let me tell you that. I learned a long time ago.
TRUMP: You are not a negotiator. You are not a negotiator.
TRUMP: And, with your thinking, you will never bring peace. You will never bring peace...
TRUMP: ... Excuse me, I want to be able to bring peace...
TRUMP: He will never be able to do it. I think I may be able to do it, although I will say this. Probably the toughest deal of any kind is that particular deal.
TRUMP: One thing I'd like to add to what the Governor's saying, I think that we are now in a position -- are $19 trillion dollars because of the horrible omnibus budget that was approved six weeks ago, it's going to be $21 trillion dollars. We can no longer defend all of these countries, Japan, Germany, South Korea.
TRUMP: I really don't because it not working and the countries aren't agreeing to it and the rebels aren't agreeing and Syria is not agreeing. So It's a meaningless ceasefire.
TRUMP: Again, I think I gave them both checks to be exactly honest. I think they both liked me very much. But the fact is that ...
TRUMP: Well, I think Bush did a hell of a bad as far as that's concerned. You know it and so do I.
TRUMP: Be honest. Be honest. No, this was before. The check came early.
TRUMP: But let me just tell you, Syria, he's saying that I was in favor of Syria. He said I was in favor of Libya? I never discussed that subject. I was in favor of Libya? We would be so much better off if Gadhafi were in charge right now.
TRUMP: I never said walk away. I wouldn't want to walk away. I want them to pay us much more money. We cannot afford to subsidize...
TRUMP: A lot. I'll negotiate a lot more money than you'll ever get.
TRUMP: Well, look, my response is very simple. There is nobody on this stage that has done more for Israel than I have. Nobody. You might say, you might talk, you're politicians, all talk, no action.
TRUMP: I've been watching it all my life. You are all talk and no action.
TRUMP: What I've seen up here -- I mean, first of all, this guy is a choke artist, and this guy is a liar. You have a combination...
TRUMP: You have a combination of factors. He can't do it...
TRUMP: ... for the obvious reason, and he can't do it because he doesn't know how to tell the truth. Other than that, I rest my case.
TRUMP: I watched -- I watched...
TRUMP: ... the lobbyists. I watched what this man did to Dr. Ben Carson, who I respect, in Iowa, where he said that Ben Carson is out of the race -- he has left Iowa and he's out of the race. And I thought it was disgraceful.
TRUMP: I know politicians -- I know politicians, believe it or not, better than you do. And it's not good.
TRUMP: I funded you. I funded him. Can you believe it?
TRUMP: I funded this guy. I gave him a check.
TRUMP: I gave him a check. He never funded me.
TRUMP: You know why? I didn't want to, but he sent me his book with his autograph...
TRUMP: Mr. Trump, you're doing a great job. I have his book.
TRUMP: Thank you -- thank you for the book. Go ahead.
TRUMP: This is a lot of fun up here tonight, I have to tell you.
TRUMP: Go ahead. I'm relaxed. You're the basket case.
TRUMP: Go ahead. Don't get nervous.
TRUMP: Go ahead.
TRUMP: I've seen you.
TRUMP: You're losing so badly you -- I want to...
TRUMP: ... I -- you don't know what's happening.
TRUMP: First of all, you're talking about a border that's many, many times longer. You're talking about a massive border.
TRUMP: Thank you.
