TRUMP: I'm Donald Trump. I wrote "The Art of the Deal". I say not in a braggadocious way, I've made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all over the world, and I want to put whatever that talent is to work for this country so we have great trade deals, we make our country rich again, we make it great again. We build our military, we take care of our vets, we get rid of Obamacare, and we have a great life altogether.
TRUMP: Well, first of all, Rand Paul shouldn't even be on this stage. He's number 11, he's got 1 percent in the polls, and how he got up here, there's far too many people anyway.
TRUMP: I never attacked him on his look, and believe me, there's plenty of subject matter right there. [laughter] That I can tell you.
TRUMP: I've actually been in politics all my life, although I've been on that side as opposed to this side. I'm now a politician for about three months. Obviously, I'm doing pretty well. I'm number one in every poll by a lot.
TRUMP: But I have to say...
TRUMP: Well, in Wisconsin...
TRUMP: Excuse me.
TRUMP: In Wisconsin, you're losing $2.2 billion right now.
TRUMP: I would do so much better than that.
TRUMP: No.
TRUMP: I'm using facts.
TRUMP: Every major business leader has used the — I never went bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But we — hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I've used
TRUMP: Every major business leader, has used the — I never went bank bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But — hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I used the law four times and made a tremendous thing. I'm in business. I did a very good job.
TRUMP: I didn't —
TRUMP: Totally false.
TRUMP: I would have gotten it.
TRUMP: I promise I would have gotten it.
TRUMP: I promise if I wanted it, I would have gotten it.
TRUMP: I know my people.
TRUMP: I know my people.
TRUMP: No. I just will tell you that, you know, Jeb made the statement. I'm not only referring to him. I — a lot of money was raised by a lot of different people that are standing up here. And the donors, the special interests, the lobbyists have very strong power over these people.
TRUMP: That's true. That's true.
TRUMP: I was — excuse me, Jeb.
TRUMP: I was a businessman, I got along with Clinton, I got along with everybody. That was my job, to get along with people.
TRUMP: I didn't want to — excuse me. One second.
TRUMP: OK, more energy tonight. I like that. [laughter]
TRUMP: I didn't want — it was my obligation as a businessman to my family, to my company, to my employees, to get along with all politicians. I get along with all of them, and I did a damn good job in doing it. Go ahead.
TRUMP: Got along with everybody.
TRUMP: Wrong.
TRUMP: Don't make things up. Jeb, don't make things up. Come on.
TRUMP: Don't make things up.
TRUMP: So, number one, they have to respect you. He has absolutely no respect for President Obama. Zero.
TRUMP: I believe that I will get along — we will do — between that, Ukraine, all of the other problems, we won't have the kind of problems that our country has right now with Russia and many other nations.
TRUMP: I wouldn't have drawn the line, but once he drew it, he had no choice but to go across. They do bear some responsibility, but I think he probably didn't do it, not for that reason.
TRUMP: They had a responsibility, absolutely. I think we have three of them here...
TRUMP: I think they had a responsibility, yes.
TRUMP: Jeb, just...
TRUMP: I think it will haunt him. I think it's a terrible. I think it's going to haunt him absolutely. He came back later and he said he misspoke. There was no question because I heard when he said the statement. I was watching and he said the statement.
TRUMP: So why didn't you say it? Why didn't you say it?
TRUMP: I know, but why did you say it? I heard it myself. Why did you say it?
TRUMP: You said you're going to cut funding for women's health. You said it.
TRUMP: You said it.
TRUMP: I think she's got a beautiful face, and I think she's a beautiful woman.
TRUMP: Correct. First of all, I want to build a wall, a wall that works. So important, and it's a big part of it.
TRUMP: ...By the way, I agree with — with what Chris is saying, but, I will say this. Illegal immigration is costing us more than $200 billion dollars a year just to maintain what we have.
TRUMP: Correct.
TRUMP: Well, I have to tell you, I hear phenomenal things. I hear your wife is a lovely woman...
TRUMP: I don't know her, and this is a total mischaracterization...
TRUMP: Good.
TRUMP: No, I won't do that, because I've said nothing wrong.
TRUMP: But I do hear she's a lovely woman.
TRUMP: Jeb said...
TRUMP: ... that they come into our country as an act of love.
TRUMP: Not with this intensity.
TRUMP: As I said, we are spending $200 billion — we are spending $200 billion a year on maintaining what we have. We will move them out. The great ones will come back, the good ones will come back.
TRUMP: Well, I think it's wonderful and all, but I did it a little bit half-heartedly, but I do mean it to a large extent.
TRUMP: This is a reporter, not a high school kid.
TRUMP: Well, first of all, the — the 14th Amendment says very, very clearly to a lot of great legal scholars — not television scholars, but legal scholars — that it is wrong. It can be corrected with an act of Congress, probably doesn't even need that.
TRUMP: I agree 100 percent, by the way, with Carly on the fact that the Democrats do not want to solve this problem, for the obvious reasons, but they do not.
TRUMP: That's true, sure.
TRUMP: Well —
TRUMP: — let me — well, let me just explain. The head of the Yale Business School, Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, wrote a paper recently, one of the worst tenures for a CEO that he has ever seen, ranked one of the top 20 in the history of business. The company is a disaster and continues to be a disaster. They still haven't recovered. In fact, today, on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, they fired another 25 or 30,000 people saying we still haven't recovered from the catastrophe.
TRUMP: I never filed for bankruptcy.
TRUMP: I'll tell you why; it's very simple.
TRUMP: I'll tell you. I was running —
TRUMP: — Carly, Carly —
TRUMP: — I've made over $10 billion. I had a casino company — Caesars just filed for bankruptcy. Chris will tell you — it's not Chris' fault either — but almost everybody in Atlantic City is either in trouble or filed for — maybe I'll blame Chris.
TRUMP: But Atlantic City is a disaster —
TRUMP: Wait a minute, Carly. Wait. I let you speak. Atlantic City is a disaster, and I did great in Atlantic City. I knew when to get out. My timing was great. And I got a lot of credit for it.
TRUMP: — they have used the laws of the land, which is the —
TRUMP: ...Well, I'd like to respond, I'd like to respond...
TRUMP: Well, I think the thing about the flat tax, I know it very well. What I don't like is that if you make $200 million a year, you pay ten percent, you're paying very little relatively to somebody that's making $50,000 a year, and has to hire H&R Block to do the — because it's so complicated.
TRUMP: Well, I heard Hugh Hewitt, a nice man, he apologized because he actually said that we had a misunderstanding. And he said today that Donald Trump is maybe the best interview there is anywhere that he has ever done.
TRUMP: And we had a legitimate misunderstanding in terms of his pronunciation of a word.
TRUMP: Well, I think it was. And he actually said that. Did you say that?
TRUMP: OK. So I will say this, though, Hugh was giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are few people anywhere, anywhere that would have known those names. I think he was reading them off a sheet.
TRUMP: I hope that answers your question. I mean, you are in the Senate, but I hope that answers your question.
TRUMP: No, I don't think he's suggesting that at all. I mean...
TRUMP: I don't think he's suggesting that at all.
TRUMP: Well, you have to understand, I am not sitting in the United States Senate with, by the way, the worst voting record there is today. Number one. I am not sitting in the United States Senate. I'm a businessman doing business transactions.
TRUMP: I am doing business transactions. I will know more about this — and, as you said, that was very acceptable, and when you listen to that whole interview, it's a great interview, you said it, I didn't. Well, now I did. But...[crosstalk]
TRUMP: Listen, just one second. Just one second.
TRUMP: I will know...
TRUMP: ...I will know more about the problems of this world by the time I sit, and you look at what's going in this world right now by people that supposedly know, this world is a mess.
TRUMP: I'm — and I'm meeting with people that are terrific people, but I have to say something because it's about judgment.
TRUMP: Just excuse me, one second, Rand...
TRUMP: If you don't mind, Rand — you know, you are on last — you do have your 1 percent.
TRUMP: ... was you're going to — you're going to destabilize...
TRUMP: ... the Middle East, and that's what happened.
TRUMP: If you think about it...
TRUMP: Your brother — and your brother's administration gave us Barack Obama, because it was such a disaster, those last three months, that Abraham Lincoln couldn't have been elected.
TRUMP: I don't know. You feel safe right now? I don't feel so safe.
TRUMP: Or the collapse of the economy.
TRUMP: Speaking for myself, I'm OK with it. I think there's a certain truth to it. I know people that, frankly, it has no impact on their life whatsoever. There are many people.
TRUMP: As a policy, I would almost leave it up to the people. Don't forget they pay in and they pay in, and maybe they do well, and maybe some people want it. But the fact is that there are people that truly don't need it, and there are many people that do need it very, very badly. And I would be willing to write mine off 100 percent, Dana.
TRUMP: Well, I — I — I'd like to respond.
TRUMP: I'd like to respond.
TRUMP: Autism has become an epidemic. Twenty-five years ago, 35 years ago, you look at the statistics, not even close. It has gotten totally out of control.
TRUMP: But just in — in little sections.
TRUMP: I think — and I think you're going to have — I think you're going to see a big impact on autism.
TRUMP: And that's all I'm saying, Jake. That's all I'm saying.
TRUMP: Well, because she's been sitting for three hours, I think my daughter, Ivanka, who's right here.
TRUMP: Other than that we'll go with Rosa Parks. I like that.
TRUMP: Humble.
TRUMP: If I become president, we will do something really special. We will make this country greater than ever before. We'll have more jobs. We'll have more of everything.
