TRUMP: CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
TRUMP: It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails & the veteran who said she should be in jail.
TRUMP: Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
TRUMP: Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou
TRUMP: Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking” or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What’s up?
TRUMP: China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
TRUMP: The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
TRUMP: President Obama & Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
TRUMP: Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
TRUMP: To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"
TRUMP: The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
TRUMP: Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
TRUMP: Wow, the failing nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
TRUMP: I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
TRUMP: Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
TRUMP: Mexico will pay for the wall!
TRUMP: From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration.
TRUMP: Crooked Hillary!
TRUMP: Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
TRUMP: Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
TRUMP: I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
TRUMP: Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
TRUMP: Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border & WALL!
TRUMP: What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
TRUMP: So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
TRUMP: Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
TRUMP: Great Governor Mike Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
TRUMP: President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
TRUMP: I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
TRUMP: Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
